pssword file should support tokens. (#733)
tableau/connector-plugin-sdk: docs/tdvt.md

1. Run `tdvt action --add_ds mydb`.
Choose to generate the password file and choose the logical query config. This creates a mydb.ini file under /config and will modify your two TDS files to rename the connection and link them to the tds/mydb.password password file.

> 1. Edit the generated tds/mydb.password file and enter the password for your connection. If your db needs multiple fields for authentication such as oauth tokens, pass them in a json string like this: {"ACCESSTOKEN" : "your_access_token", "REFRESHTOKEN" : "your_refresh_token"}. You can obtain "your_access_token" and "your_refresh_token" from any 3rd party tool to retrive oauth tokens such as Postman.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Edit the generated tds/mydb.password file and enter the password for your connection. If your connection needs multiple fields for authentication such as oauth tokens, pass them in a json string like this: {"ACCESSTOKEN" : "your_access_token", "REFRESHTOKEN" : "your_refresh_token"}. You can obtain "your_access_token" and "your_refresh_token" from any 3rd party tool to retrieve OAuth tokens such as Postman.
```
